= Misha Manulis Dot Files

My various system and config files

== Installation

  git clone git://github.com/misham/dotfiles $HOME/.dotfiles
  # or for firewall-challenged
  # git clone https://github.com/misham/dotfiles
  cd $HOME/.dotfiles
  ./install.sh

== Environment

I am running primarily on Ubuntu, though this should work on Mac OS X with
some minor tweaking. I use Bash for 99% of my work with Bourne Shell (sh)
occasionaly.

== Features

=== Projects

I place my projects in $HOME/Projects, so this directory can be easily
accessed via project <my project with tab-completion>.  This will cd into
the project directory and run .project.local if it's present.  I'm using
PROJECT_DIR environment variable, set in bashrc to specify my project folder,
change this if using something other than ~/Projects.

=== Tab-Completion

* Git
* Rake
* SSH hosts
* Projects (see above)

=== Vim

I am using my own fork of Janus project (https://github.com/carlhuda/janus)
for Vim plugins and vimrc settings.  I've added vimrc.local for my
modifications.  At present, I'm having issues with the arrow keys printing
letters, though I'm sure it's a configuration issue between Janus,
which is setup for Mac and I'm running Ubuntu.

== :TODO:

* Setup automatic setup of gitconfig with GitHub info
  Take a look at ryanb scripts for his solution or use
  http://progit.org/book/ch7-2.html
* Fix arrow keys in Vim

= Credits

This has been taken from many sources. I've tried to document them here as best I can.

* http://dotfiles.org
* https://github.com/ryanb/dotfiles
* https://github.com/rtomayko/dotfiles
* https://github.com/carlhuda/janus

